MP-5105 [MP-5106, MP-5107, MP-5108, MP-5109, MP-5110, MP-5111] Table Column Types: Date, Chip, Dynamic, Image, Input, Select, Text. (#249)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/front-end/table-design/table-column-types/table-column-type-text.md

---
title: Table Column Type Text
description: This document provides details about the Table Column Type Text in the Components Library.
template: concept-topic-template
---

This document explains the Table Column Type Text in the Components library.

## Overview

> Table Column Text is an Angular Component that provides a static text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table Column Text is an Angular Component that renders a text.
```
